docs: improve wording in seo docs (#25692)
nuxt/nuxt: docs/1.getting-started/5.seo-meta.md

### Reactivity

> Reactivity is supported on all properties, as computed, getters, and reactive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reactivity is supported on all properties, such as computed, getters, and reactive.
```

> Reactivity is supported on all properties, such as computed, getters, and reactive.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Reactivity is supported on all properties, by providing a computed value, a getter, or a reactive object.
```

### Title Template

> You can use the `titleTemplate` option to provide a dynamic template for customizing the title of your site, for example, by adding the name of your site to the title of every page.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can use the `titleTemplate` option to provide a dynamic template for customizing the title of your site. For example, you could add the name of your site to the title of every page.
```

> The `titleTemplate` can either be a string, where `%s` is replaced with the title or a function.

Reviewer 2: I think the comma makes it clearer.

```suggestion
The `titleTemplate` can either be a string, where `%s` is replaced with the title, or a function.
```
